1) When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?
  Remote Repositories are ideal for Sharing. There are some other benefits such as non-local backup, and being able to access from multiple devices, but the main appeal is being able to share the product or share the work load.

2) Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?
	Just because a logical change has been made, doesn’t mean it is ready to go public. It also helps for group projects so you can make sure everything can go at once.

3) Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?

	Forks are similar to clones, but for Github only. You can copy a repository from 	one profile to yours.
	Clones are any copy of a repository in Git, you can clone from Github or Git to 	Git or Github. These allow you to create your own version of a project or to have 	access to it locally and on Github
	Branches are a split within a repository. These are used when you plan on adding 	back to the master branch eventually, and are stored in the repository
4) What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?
	It allows you to work on and compare the remote to the local version without having to immediately Merge them.

5) How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?
	Pretty Much Restricted to email files back and forth or Google Docs.
	Easier Learning Curve, but very limited in features, and harder to keep track of 
	all the files & changes.

6) When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?
	The same rules apply from before. Branches are useful when you are adding a new
	feature.
	The branches also help, because they make it easier to creat pull requests and
	therefore easier to collaborate. 